= Me Battleship
A backbone/rails application you can use to play with the Platform45 battleship API. Although other battleship gaming platforms can be used if available.The bulk of the app's logic lives in lib/battleship. 

By default the app uses MockPlatform in place of P45's api, where every move you make is a successful hit and the opponent predictably fires from top to bottom from left to right 18 times.

You can switch to the P45 api by clicking 'change platforms' on the new game page (Note: this only shows up in development) or in config/intializers/game_platform.rb.

Tests are written in jasmine and rspec. <tt>rake jasmine:ci</tt> and <tt>rake rspec</tt> to run.

== Installation
This app uses postgresql, and chromedriver 'brew install chromedriver' for testing, please install those first.

1. Install Postgresql, and chromedriver(for testing):
2. Next, run bundle install:
        bundle
3. Create the db:
       rake db:create
4. Migrate
       rake db:migrate
5. Seed
       rake db:seed
6. Hop on to the development server:
       rails s

== Ruby content

app/services
  Holds all the API clients, a MockPlatform client is avaiable.

lib/Battleship
  Holds all battleship related business logic, actions, and helpers.

app/models
  Mostly bare models that hold validation and any minimal callbacks needed
  for a game to determine if it won or lost. Can be massaged for another game.

app/specs
  Rspec tests. `rake spec`

app/controllers/api
  Private api used by the app to create/list games, turns, deployments

== Javascript content
app/assets/javascripts/extras
  Contains custom Backbone library overrides and some utility functions.

app/specs/javascript
  Jasmine test for backbone libraries. `rake jasmine:ci`

app/assets/javascripts/presenters
  Backbone presenters.

app/assets/javascripts/collection
  Backbone collections

app/assets/javascripts/models
  Backbone models.

app/assets/javascripts/views
  Backbone Views.
